the United Nations says it hopes a
second Aid Convoy can be sent into Gaza
tomorrow today 20 lorries went in two
weeks after the Israel Gaza War erupted
Gaza has been under extensive Israeli
bombardment after Hamas which is listed
as a terrorist organization by the UK
government and others attacked inside
Israel killing 1,400 people Palestinian
Health authorities say more than 4,300
people have subsequently died in Gaza
well today's Aid Convoy entered from
Egypt via the Rafa Crossing in a deal
brokered earlier this week by US
President Biden tonight the Israeli
military said it would step up its
strikes on Gaza to put further pressure
on Hamas from Tel Aviv we Davis
reports two weeks into this war signs of
limited progress as Aid began to enter
Gaza through the border with
Egypt some 20 truckloads in total not
nearly enough according to Aid agencies
bringing in basic supplies food water
and
Medicine there have been an
unprecedented number of Israeli air
strikes against Hamas Targets in Gaza
many victims of the bombing are children
and the humanitarian crisis is
worsening T and her six children are
some of the many Sheltering in crowded
public
buildings
there is not even 1% of a good healthy
and safe life for a child there is no
safety if we don't die from war we will
die from epidemics and
diseases at an emergency Summit on the
crisis in Cairo the foreign secretary
criticized hamas's murderous actions and
reminded Israel of its obligations I
have spoken directly to the Israeli
government about their duty to respect
international law
and the importance of preserving
civilian lives in
Gaza there's a reason why many Israelis
support what their government is now
planning a huge invasion of Gaza to
crush
Hamas two weeks ago almog was a
peaceloving 20-some having the time of
her life at a music festival in the
Israeli desert and innocence she'll
never
recover
as squads of herass gunmen stormed the
festival shooting indiscriminately almog
fled for her
life finding cover under some desert
scrub where she would hide motionless
for 8
hours I didn't thought they were going
to take hostages when I was there I
every every time I hear or see their
interaction they shoot and they shoot
for
killing
today was the first time alog has
ventured out in two weeks the nerves in
her leg damaged by her ordeal from
someone who believed in coexistence
she's now a frightened skeptic about the
possibility of peace between Israelis
and Palestinians wi Davis BBC News Tel
Aviv